---
layout: daily
title: Daily English summary for February 2024
tags: [February]
description: Daily English summary for February 2024
keywords: february,english
mermaid: false
sequence: false
flow: false
mathjax: false
mindmap: false
mindmap2: false
---

#### Fabruary 29

>I firmly believe that respect is a lot more important, and a lot greater, than popularity.


#### Fabruary 27

>The most efficient way to live reasonably is every morning to make a plan of one's day and every night to examine the results obtained.


#### Fabruary 26

>Sometimes I have thought it would be an excellent rule to live each day as if we should die tomorrow.


#### Fabruary 25

>Home is not where you live but where they understand you.


#### Fabruary 23

>Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.


#### Fabruary 22

>Man can climb to the highest summit, but he cannot dwell there long.

#### Fabruary 19

>In order to design a future of positive change, we must first become expert at changing our minds.

#### Fabruary 18

>We receive three educations, one from our parents, one from our school-masters, and one from the world. The third contradicts all that the first two teach us.


#### Fabruary 16

>It's on the strength of observation and reflection that one finds a way. So we must dig and delve unceasingly.

#### Fabruary 15

>A very small man can cast a very large shadow.

#### Fabruary 13

>Kites rise hightest against the wind,not with it.


#### Fabruary 10

>In this era of information explosion, the effect of receiving information and not receiving information is the same if one lacks discernment ability.


#### February 9

>Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going… 

